add erd diagram (#1993)
ualbertalib/jupiter: docs/erd-instructions.md

How to generate new ERD diagram
---------------

See the [installation instructions](https://voormedia.github.io/rails-erd/install.html) for a complete description of how to install Rails ERD. Here's a summary:

* Install Graphviz 2.22+ ([how?](https://voormedia.github.io/rails-erd/install.html)). On macOS with Homebrew run `brew install graphviz`.

> * Add <tt>gem 'rails-erd', group: :development</tt> to your application's Gemfile

Reviewer: I'd keep it as a global gem (instead of application gem). Otherwise your gemfile will be dirty and we might accidentally check this in.

```suggestion
* Add 'rails-erd' gem  to your machine via `gem install 'rails-erd'`
```

🤷
